The lovely woman-child Kaa was mercilessly chained to the cruel post of
the warrior-chief Beast, with his barbarian tribe now stacking wood at
her nubile feet, when the strong clear voice of the poetic and heroic
Handsomas roared, 'Flick your Bic, crisp that chick, and you'll feel my
steel through your last meal!'
		-- Winning sentence, 1984 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
You will be Told about it Tomorrow.  Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
Someone is speaking well of you.

How unusual!
Your sister swims out to meet troop ships.
There is an old time toast which is golden for its beauty.
"When you ascend the hill of prosperity may you not meet a friend."
		-- Mark Twain
You'll be called to a post requiring ability in handling groups of people.
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
		-- Ashleigh Brilliant
You could live a better life, if you had a better mind and a better body.
In the first place, God made idiots; this was for practice; then he made
school boards.
		-- Mark Twain
Questionable day.

Ask somebody something.
Whoever has lived long enough to find out what life is, knows how deep a debt
of gratitude we owe to Adam, the first great benefactor of our race.  He
brought death into the world.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.
Q:	How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	One.  Only it's his light bulb when he's done.
You'll never be the man your mother was!
O, it is excellent
To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous
To use it like a giant.
		-- Shakespeare, "Measure for Measure", II, 2
You may be infinitely smaller than some things, but you're infinitely
larger than others.
The time is right to make new friends.
Good day for a change of scene.  Repaper the bedroom wall.
You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
You will pay for your sins.  If you have already paid, please disregard
this message.
"... all the modern inconveniences ..."
		-- Mark Twain
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
FORTUNE PROVIDES QUESTIONS FOR THE GREAT ANSWERS: #4
A:	Go west, young man, go west!
Q:	What do wabbits do when they get tiwed of wunning awound?
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
You have an unusual understanding of the problems of human relationships.
Good day to let down old friends who need help.
You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.
Familiarity breeds contempt -- and children.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	What's the difference between Bell Labs and the Boy Scouts of America?
A:	The Boy Scouts have adult supervision.
You are fairminded, just and loving.
Questionable day.

Ask somebody something.
If you can read this, you're too close.
Questionable day.

Ask somebody something.
Someone is speaking well of you.

How unusual!
You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize... posthumously.
You will inherit millions of dollars.
Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now).
Let me take you a button-hole lower.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Love's Labour's Lost"
He is now rising from affluence to poverty.
		-- Mark Twain
Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
You will pay for your sins.  If you have already paid, please disregard
this message.
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
I reverently believe that the maker who made us all  makes everything in New
England, but the weather.  I don't know who makes that, but I think it must be
raw apprentices in the weather-clerks factory who experiment and learn how, in
New England, for board and clothes, and then are promoted to make weather for
countries that require a good article, and will take their custom elsewhere
if they don't get it.
		-- Mark Twain
Gratitude and treachery are merely the two extremities of the same procession.
You have seen all of it that is worth staying for when the band and the gaudy
officials have gone by.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You will lose your present job and have to become a door to door mayonnaise
salesman.
You will not be elected to public office this year.
I dote on his very absence.
		-- William Shakespeare, "The Merchant of Venice"
Good day for a change of scene.  Repaper the bedroom wall.
You will have a long and unpleasant discussion with your supervisor.
If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it.
		-- Ernest Hemingway
Tuesday is the Wednesday of the rest of your life.
Bridge ahead.  Pay troll.
Don't worry.  Life's too long.
		-- Vincent Sardi, Jr.
You will not be elected to public office this year.
A Tale of Two Cities LITE(tm)
	-- by Charles Dickens

	A lawyer who looks like a French Nobleman is executed in his place.

The Metamorphosis LITE(tm)
	-- by Franz Kafka

	A man turns into a bug and his family gets annoyed.

Lord of the Rings LITE(tm)
	-- by J. R. R. Tolkien

	Some guys take a long vacation to throw a ring into a volcano.

Hamlet LITE(tm)
	-- by Wm. Shakespeare

	A college student on vacation with family problems, a screwy
	girl-friend and a mother who won't act her age.
Clothes make the man.  Naked people have little or no influence on society.
		-- Mark Twain
Your object is to save the world, while still leading a pleasant life.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
		-- Mark Twain
You are going to have a new love affair.
Is that really YOU that is reading this?
Q:	Are we not men?
A:	We are Vaxen.
Even the clearest and most perfect circumstantial evidence is likely to be at
fault, after all, and therefore ought to be received with great caution.  Take
the case of any pencil, sharpened by any woman; if you have witnesses, you will
find she did it with a knife; but if you take simply the aspect of the pencil,
you will say that she did it with her teeth.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Q:	What is printed on the bottom of beer bottles in Minnesota?
A:	Open other end.
You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of
a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.
Are you making all this up as you go along?
Unless hours were cups of sack, and minutes capons, and clocks the tongues
of bawds, and dials the signs of leaping houses, and the blessed sun himself
a fair, hot wench in flame-colored taffeta, I see no reason why thou shouldst
be so superfluous to demand the time of the day.  I wasted time and now doth
time waste me.
		-- William Shakespeare
You will stop at nothing to reach your objective, but only because your
brakes are defective.
We know all about the habits of the ant, we know all about the habits of the
bee, but we know nothing at all about the habits of the oyster.  It seems
almost certain that we have been choosing the wrong time for studying the
oyster.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
You need no longer worry about the future.  This time tomorrow you'll be dead.
AWAKE! FEAR! FIRE! FOES! AWAKE!
	FEAR! FIRE! FOES!
		AWAKE! AWAKE!
		-- J. R. R. Tolkien
You're being followed.  Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.
Your manuscript is both good and original, but the part that is good is not
original and the part that is original is not good.
		-- Samuel Johnson
You are magnetic in your bearing.
The lovely woman-child Kaa was mercilessly chained to the cruel post of
the warrior-chief Beast, with his barbarian tribe now stacking wood at
her nubile feet, when the strong clear voice of the poetic and heroic
Handsomas roared, 'Flick your Bic, crisp that chick, and you'll feel my
steel through your last meal!'
		-- Winning sentence, 1984 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
Courage is your greatest present need.
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you.
This is the principal difference between a dog and a man.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
There is a fly on your nose.
Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus.

Q:	What do you call a blind pre-historic animal with a dog?
A:	Diyathinkhesaurus Rex.
Q:	How do you keep a moron in suspense?
You will never know hunger.
Q:	What do little WASPs want to be when they grow up?
A:	The very best person they can possibly be.
Talkers are no good doers.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
The ripest fruit falls first.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Richard II"
You have Egyptian flu: you're going to be a mummy.
You will stop at nothing to reach your objective, but only because your
brakes are defective.
You will be honored for contributing your time and skill to a worthy cause.
"Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none."
		-- Shakespeare
In the space of one hundred and seventy-six years the Mississippi has
shortened itself two hundred and forty-two miles.  Therefore ... in the Old
Silurian Period the Mississippi River was upward of one million three hundred
thousand miles long ... seven hundred and forty-two years from now the
Mississippi will be only a mile and three-quarters long.  ... There is
something fascinating about science.  One gets such wholesome returns of
conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
		-- Mark Twain
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.
You will have domestic happiness and faithful friends.
Every why hath a wherefore.
		-- William Shakespeare, "A Comedy of Errors"
This life is yours.  Some of it was given to you; the rest, you made yourself.
You are always busy.
Q:	How do you save a drowning lawyer?
A:	Throw him a rock.
Like an expensive sports car, fine-tuned and well-built, Portia was sleek,
shapely, and gorgeous, her red jumpsuit moulding her body, which was as warm
as seatcovers in July, her hair as dark as new tires, her eyes flashing like
bright hubcaps, and her lips as dewy as the beads of fresh rain on the hood;
she was a woman driven -- fueled by a single accelerant -- and she needed a
man, a man who wouldn't shift from his views, a man to steer her along the
right road: a man like Alf Romeo.
		-- Rachel Sheeley, winner

The hair ball blocking the drain of the shower reminded Laura she would never
see her little dog Pritzi again.
		-- Claudia Fields, runner-up

It could have been an organically based disturbance of the brain -- perhaps a
tumor or a metabolic deficiency -- but after a thorough neurological exam it
was determined that Byron was simply a jerk.
		-- Jeff Jahnke, runner-up

Winners in the 7th Annual Bulwer-Lytton Bad Writing Contest.  The contest is
named after the author of the immortal lines:  "It was a dark and stormy
night."  The object of the contest is to write the opening sentence of the
worst possible novel.
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
It is so very hard to be an
on-your-own-take-care-of-yourself-because-there-is-no-one-else-to-do-it-for-you
grown-up.
The Public is merely a multiplied "me."
		-- Mark Twain
Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind.
		-- Wm. Shakespeare
Q:	Why did the astrophysicist order three hamburgers?
A:	Because he was hungry.
Beware the one behind you.
Do something unusual today.  Pay a bill.
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
		-- Mark Twain
You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
Everything that you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.
You will be a winner today.  Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
Training is everything.  The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is
nothing but cabbage with a college education.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Q:	Why do ducks have big flat feet?
A:	To stamp out forest fires.

Q:	Why do elephants have big flat feet?
A:	To stamp out flaming ducks.
"Speak, thou vast and venerable head," muttered Ahab, "which, though
ungarnished with a beard, yet here and there lookest hoary with mosses; speak,
mighty head, and tell us the secret thing that is in thee.  Of all divers,
thou has dived the deepest.  That head upon which the upper sun now gleams has
moved amid the world's foundations.  Where unrecorded names and navies rust,
and untold hopes and anchors rot; where in her murderous hold this frigate
earth is ballasted with bones of millions of the drowned; there, in that awful
water-land, there was thy most familiar home.  Thou hast been where bell or
diver never went; has slept by many a sailer's side, where sleepless mothers
would give their lives to lay them down.  Thou saw'st the locked lovers when
leaping from their flaming ship; heart to heart they sank beneath the exulting
wave; true to each other, when heaven seemed false to them.  Thou saw'st the
murdered mate when tossed by pirates from the midnight deck; for hours he fell
into the deeper midnight of the insatiate maw; and his murderers still sailed
on unharmed -- while swift lightnings shivered the neighboring ship that would
have borne a righteous husband to outstretched, longing arms.  O head! thou has
seen enough to split the planets and make an infidel of Abraham, and not one
syllable is thine!"
		-- H. Melville, "Moby Dick"
You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.
You will be a winner today.  Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
		-- "Mark Twain, Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last
you are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of his
Atlantic with his verb in his mouth.
		-- Mark Twain "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court"
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
"What's this?  Trix?  Aunt!  Trix?  You?  You're after the prize!  What
is it?"  He picked up the box and studied the back.  "A glow-in-the-dark
squid!  Have you got it out of there yet?"  He tilted the box, angling the
little colored balls of cereal so as to see the bottom, and nearly spilling
them onto the table top.  "Here it is!"  He hauled out a little cream-colored,
glitter-sprinkled squid, three-inches long and made out of rubbery plastic.
		-- James P. Blaylock, "The Last Coin"
Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
You'll feel devilish tonight.  Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's
heel.
Q:	How many college football players does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Only one, but he gets three credits for it.
Delay not, Caesar.  Read it instantly.
		-- Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar" 3,1

Here is a letter, read it at your leisure.
		-- Shakespeare, "Merchant of Venice" 5,1

	[Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when
	 referring to I/O system services.]
There is a fly on your nose.
You prefer the company of the opposite sex, but are well liked by your own.
You are the only person to ever get this message.
Q:	What looks like a cat, flies like a bat, brays like a donkey, and
	plays like a monkey?
A:	Nothing.
Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry IV"
As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods; they kill us for their sport.
		-- Shakespeare, "King Lear"
What happened last night can happen again.
Today is what happened to yesterday.
Q:	How many members of the U.S.S. Enterprise does it take to change a
	light bulb?
A:	Seven.  Scotty has to report to Captain Kirk that the light bulb in
	the Engineering Section is getting dim, at which point Kirk will send
	Bones to pronounce the bulb dead (although he'll immediately claim
	that he's a doctor, not an electrician).  Scotty, after checking
	around, realizes that they have no more new light bulbs, and complains
	that he "canna" see in the dark.  Kirk will make an emergency stop at
	the next uncharted planet, Alpha Regula IV, to procure a light bulb
	from the natives, who, are friendly, but seem to be hiding something.
	Kirk, Spock, Bones, Yeoman Rand and two red shirt security officers
	beam down to the planet, where the two security officers are promply
	killed by the natives, and the rest of the landing party is captured.
	As something begins to develop between the Captain and Yeoman Rand,
	Scotty, back in orbit, is attacked by a Klingon destroyer and must
	warp out of orbit.  Although badly outgunned, he cripples the Klingon
	and races back to the planet in order to rescue Kirk et. al. who have
	just saved the natives' from an awful fate and, as a reward, been
	given all light bulbs they can carry.  The new bulb is then inserted
	and the Enterprise continues on its five year mission.
Q:	What do you get when you cross a mobster with an international standard?
A:	You get someone who makes you an offer that you can't understand!
When angry, count four; when very angry, swear.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Beware of a tall black man with one blond shoe.
Chicken Little only has to be right once.
Save energy: be apathetic.
To be or not to be.
		-- Shakespeare
To do is to be.
		-- Nietzsche
To be is to do.
		-- Sartre
Do be do be do.
		-- Sinatra
Lord, what fools these mortals be!
		-- William Shakespeare, "A Midsummer-Night's Dream"
Q:	What's the difference between USL and the Titanic?
A:	The Titanic had a band.
Remark of Dr. Baldwin's concerning upstarts: We don't care to eat toadstools
that think they are truffles.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	What's the difference between a dead dog in the road and a dead
	lawyer in the road?
A:	There are skid marks in front of the dog.
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.
		-- Mark Twain
You see, I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty
attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.  A fool
takes in all the lumber of every sort he comes across, so that the knowledge
which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with
a lot of other things, so that he has difficulty in laying his hands upon it.
Now the skilful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his
brain-attic.  He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing
his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect
order.  It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and
can distend to any extent.  Depend upon it there comes a time when for every
addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before.  It is of
the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out
the useful ones.
		-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "A Study in Scarlet"
Perilous to all of us are the devices of an art deeper than we ourselves
possess.
		-- Gandalf the Grey [J.R.R. Tolkien, "Lord of the Rings"]
Anyone who has had a bull by the tail knows five or six more things
than someone who hasn't.
		-- Mark Twain
Q:	How many Harvard MBA's does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A:	Just one.  He grasps it firmly and the universe revolves around him.
I think we are in Rats' Alley where the dead men lost their bones.
		-- T.S. Eliot
Best of all is never to have been born.  Second best is to die soon.
You will wish you hadn't.
Q:	Where's the Lone Ranger take his garbage?
A:	To the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump!

Q:	What's the Pink Panther say when he steps on an ant hill?
A:	Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant...
You should go home.
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
Q:	What is printed on the bottom of beer bottles in Minnesota?
A:	Open other end.
An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Q:	What looks like a cat, flies like a bat, brays like a donkey, and
	plays like a monkey?
A:	Nothing.
Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.
A horse!  A horse!  My kingdom for a horse!
		-- Wm. Shakespeare, "Richard III"
You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.
Today is the last day of your life so far.
He is now rising from affluence to poverty.
		-- Mark Twain
You will inherit millions of dollars.
Harp not on that string.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI"
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
Q:	What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
A:	A stick.
Seeing that death, a necessary end,
Will come when it will come.
		-- William Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar"
Q:	Why did the tachyon cross the road?
A:	Because it was on the other side.
You will be awarded some great honor.
Big book, big bore.
		-- Callimachus
Time to be aggressive.  Go after a tattooed Virgo.
Communicate!  It can't make things any worse.
You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize... posthumously.
Fine day for friends.
So-so day for you.
A few hours grace before the madness begins again.
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
Q:	How many IBM 370's does it take to execute a job?
A:	Four, three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.
Water, taken in moderation cannot hurt anybody.
		-- Mark Twain
You will be awarded some great honor.
Consider well the proportions of things.  It is better to be a young June-bug
than an old bird of paradise.
		-- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.
Give your very best today.  Heaven knows it's little enough.
	You will remember, Watson, how the dreadful business of the
Abernetty family was first brought to my notice by the depth which the
parsley had sunk into the butter upon a hot day.
		-- Sherlock Holmes
You will outgrow your usefulness.
Q:	How many supply-siders does it take to change a light bulb?
A:	None.  The darkness will cause the light bulb to change by itself.
All I know is what the words know, and dead things, and that
makes a handsome little sum, with a beginning and a middle and
an end, as in the well-built phrase and the long sonata of the dead.
		-- Samuel Beckett
You could live a better life, if you had a better mind and a better body.
The camel died quite suddenly on the second day, and Selena fretted
sullenly and, buffing her already impeccable nails -- not for the first
time since the journey begain -- pondered snidely if this would dissolve
into a vignette of minor inconveniences like all the other holidays spent
with Basil.
		-- Winning sentence, 1983 Bulwer-Lytton bad fiction contest.
"I understand this is your first dead client," Sabian was saying.  The
absurdity of the statement made me want to laugh but they don't call me
Deadpan Allie and lie.
		-- Pat Cadigan, "Mindplayers"
You now have Asian Flu.
You may get an opportunity for advancement today.  Watch it!
There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress.
		-- Mark Twain
You are the only person to ever get this message.
Give your very best today.  Heaven knows it's little enough.
Your manuscript is both good and original, but the part that is good is not
original and the part that is original is not good.
		-- Samuel Johnson
